chore(curriculum): Wrap strings in quotes in Learn Recursion by Building a Decimal to Binary Converter (#55126)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-recursion-by-building-a-decimal-to-binary-converter/645cd4eb6edf6e6f91acabbb.md

# --description--

> Now that `b()` has executed, pop it off the call stack. Then, update your mock call to `a()` to the following: ``` `a(): returns "freeCodeCamp " + "is awesome!"` ```.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that `b()` has executed, pop it off the call stack. Then, update your mock call to `a()` to the following: `"a(): returns 'freeCodeCamp ' + 'is awesome!'"`.
```

assert.isString(callStack[0]);
```

> The string in `callStack` should be the string ``` `a(): returns "freeCodeCamp " + "is awesome!"` ```.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The string in `callStack` should be the string `"a(): returns 'freeCodeCamp ' + 'is awesome!'"`.
```
